railway agent

Not Found The train has not arrived at the station.

Please check your network settings to confirm that your domain has provisioned.

If you are a visitor, please let the owner know you're stuck at the station.

Request ID: opXhWIMzQvy3fDsFVOLIQQ

I see you're getting a "Not Found" error with a Railway domain. This typically means the service hasn't deployed yet or the domain isn't fully provisioned.

Let me check your project's current status:

Checked environment status

Hide result
1 of 1 service with issues
•
4 recent failures
ai-support-agent-ogr
Online
Your service ai-support-agent-ogr is currently online with a successful deployment, but it has 4 recent failures. Let me check what went wrong with those failed deployments:

Diagnosed deployment × 2
Fetched service config
Good news: your service is now online and working. The earlier failures were due to a misconfigured root directory (it had the label text included), but that's been fixed and your latest deployment succeeded.

Your service is deployed at: ai-support-agent-ogr-production.up.railway.app

If you're still seeing the "Not Found" error when visiting that domain, it could be:

DNS propagation delay — the domain was just provisioned. Wait a few minutes and try again.
Service not responding on port 8080 — check that your app is actually listening on port 8080 (which is configured in your service).
Application error — the service is running but returning a 404. Check your deployment logs:
Searched deploy logs

Hide result
06:36:49
Starting Container
06:36:49
INFO: Started server process [1]
06:36:49
INFO: Waiting for application startup.
06:36:49
INFO: Application startup complete.
06:36:49
INFO: Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:8080 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
Your app is running fine on port 8080. The "Not Found" error you're seeing is likely a DNS propagation issue or the domain just needs a moment to fully activate.

Try these steps:

Wait 2–3 minutes and refresh your browser
Clear your browser cache (Ctrl+Shift+Delete or Cmd+Shift+Delete)
Try accessing it from an incognito/private window
If still stuck, try accessing the IP directly via Railway's dashboard or check if there's a temporary URL available
If the issue persists after 5 minutes, let me know and we can investigate further.